hello friends of now mauricio I'm here
because I'm going to make a
tummy tuck the reasons that I'm
here is because I'm chubby I feel
Chubby and I want to see myself better I invite you
to follow my change
I would love it then we made a lipo
tummy tuck which is nothing but
a surgery in which a challenge is made
of the skeletal fat skeleton of the
person with cutting off excess skin
that he has making a new navel and
doing the repair of the musculature
abdominal of the major recti
abdomen of the patient not so that this
here I can push the intestinal package
you can push it back on
diaphragm raise the ceiling raise bone
completely position the posture of the
person and stays with with some pounds
less
the evolution of the patient is good
there are approximately 45 days left with
trains that are to evacuate the liquid
what remnant is left after the
surgery those of mild are removed at
fifth day and then the patient makes a
normal life with the girdle we do not have to
get points or anything from those things
because the points fall on their own
He tells me why I do not finish this
little fat that has next to the
bust and it's because we've done a great
Track back destruction
part of the hips the abdomen the
flanks we have done a tummy tuck
they take out a lot of skin and
fat and obviously you lose a lot
blood
you can not take more than 6 liters to 7
liters of fat in a person because
drags a lot of blood and the patient in
instead of recovering quietly in a
day at the clinic, it will happen to
intensive care and that there is not
the objective we seek in this surgery
but that everyone goes well I'm
here we can do it in a second
time or the same with the diet that is going
to give so she will lower it and there will be no
no problem
throughout the surgical procedure of
plastic security is essential
do the others in lymphatics which
they are accompanied by appliances
cosmetic and it is recommended
be from the fifth day to avoid
that inflammation and edema increase
exaggeratedly the patient then go away
evacuating body fluids
own information